#1) You have the following data linked to a user: Activity on website, pageviews, purchases, and a adverts converted to sales. You also have the products and their prices. The ultimate goal is to create an advertisement for an item that converts to sales, so it would be smart to look at what has been successful thus far and how various activities (activity on website, pageviews, purchases) relate statistically to the converted ads. Also, you can glean such information as the target audience of the advertisement (who it has been successful with) and which products they tend to purchase. All of this information should give you a target product/audience as well as what advertisements were successful in the past to help decide.
#2) You have the following data: timestamps for users at various points in the signup process and weekly marketing budget. The first thing to do is to see if there is a correlation between the weekly marketing budget and sales. If there is a correlation, then increasing sales could just be a matter of restoring the budget to past levels that were successful. In addition, it wouldn't hurt to look at the sign up process and see where it is taking potential clients the most amount of time to onboard. Finding the bottlenecks and simplifying them would increase sales regardless of the marketing budget.
#3) You have the following data: Session information, price information, and whether the hotel is currently available. It would be interesting to build a ranking that takes a look at what users are looking at in their session information as well as the historical availability of hotels (more sold out means it is more popular and should be higher ranked). I would weight the ranking heavier on the availability of the hotels than what people view in their sessions. It would be ideal to have more information on the individual hotels such as location and amenities to do statistcal analyses to see how each factor impacts the popularity of the hotel and the price.
#4)You have 3 years of user data of time and length of session. The first thing to do would be to look at the distribution of users and the length of their sessions and the distribution of users and the length of time between between log ins on an annual basis to see if the distributions are changing. This data could also be used seasonally to see if time of year impacts it.
