Create two groups (control, experimental)
Divide into Sample into 2 groups
Create your hypothesis
Check the outcome of interest
Look at group make up

1) Does a new supplement help people sleep better?
One group will get the supplement and the other will get a placebo
Divide the sample into 2 groups randomly
Hypothesis = "The supplement will help people sleep better measured in time spent in deep sleep."
Check the outcome of the study to see if they had better sleep in terms of time spent in deep sleep.
Look to see if the samples were similar in demographics to see if other factors may have played a role.

2) Will new uniforms help a gym's business?
Randomize a schedule for uniforms (make sure they don't fall on the same days)
Divide the uniforms into A (current) uniform and B (new) uniform
Hypothesis: Wearing B uniforms will help the gym's business
Check the outcome measured in business growth on days wear A is worn vs. B.
Check to make sure the days were indeed randomized and things such as holidays didn't impact results.

3)Will a new homepage improve my online exotic pet rental business?
Create two different web pages.
Randomly direct some of the web traffic to the first one and other traffic to the second one.
Hypothesis: The new website will attract more business
Check the outcome in business growth for both the websites
Rely on cookies to see if what other information you can glean about your population and make sure they're similar demographic samples.

4)If I put 'please read' in the email subject will more people read my emails?
Create two emails (one with the Please read and one with a normal subject.
Randomly break your sample into two groups (one will receive the new subject and one will receive the regular subject)
Hypothesis: 'Please read' will get more clicks
Check the outcome to see how many clicked on the first vs the second
Make sure the groups were similar in demographics and that other variables such as time sent (time zones included) didn't impact your study.
